feat: Updated README (#4)
Planet-Dataset/fullstack-assignment: README.md

## Tasks
### 1. Forex data retrieval
#### What we want

> The candidate should be able to create a Service that periodically fetches from the Forex API provided of the subscribed currencies and persist on database in order to have a register of how currencies's values change along time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement recurrent data retrieval for each of the followed currencies. This data can be obtained
from external APIs such as the one we propose: [Alphavantage](https://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/#fx-daily).

The data needs to be persisted on database in order to have a register of how currencies's values change along time, so that it can later be fetched from the front-end.

We already provide you with a service that runs periodically and where you could implement any
asynchronous code for this task. The code can be found at `services/service`.
```

#### What we will evaluate
* The way the candidates organizes code and looks for a neat and optimized environment.
* How the candidate models the domain in order to handle more types of data sources.

### 2. API endpoint for retrieving the fetched forex data
#### What we want

> Using the provided architecture in the API, we hope the candidate to implement a new endpoint (`[GET] /api/currency/:code/history` _could be an option_) that retrieves the temporary information of each currency (based on the currency code) collected by the service that communicates with the Forex API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement an API endpoint to retrieve the historical data for currently followed currencies.

A candidate for this would be a `GET` endpoint along the lines of `/api/currency/:code/history` or
``/api/forex/history`.

We already provide you with a working API at `services/api` where you could add your endpoint.
```
